## `Scoring Period 1`
### _15/02/21 - 28/02/21_
<br>

_Note: [Scoring Period #0](/scoring-periods/0.md) was also created in order to recognize existing contributors to the project._
<br>
#### Announcement
We are very happy to announce the inception of our Founding Member program. This initial scoring period will help us to calibrate the program rules and ensure the system works effectively before marketing the program more widely during `Scoring Period #2`.

Existing contributors to the project should also be aware that during this first scoring period, previous contributions to the project can be reported as part of (`Scoring Period #0`). After `Scoring Period #1` has ended, this will no longer be possible.

We also wanted to recognize our Initial Founding Members, namely:
- `@tomato`
- `@freakstatic`
- `@l1dev`
- `@nexusfallout`
- `@enjoythefood`

We would like to thank these community members for their generous ongoing contributions to the project and hope that they will continue to be excellent ambassadors for Joystream as official Founding Members.


#### Processing Note

We were very pleased to receive more than 700 summaries for Scoring Period #1.

However, as to be expected for the first round, there are a number of issues which we would like to see improved going forward:

- Many people seemed to think that simply joining the Telegram group, requesting tokens and making a testnet account qualified for points. Since we do not consider such activity to be contributing to the success and growth of the platform, no points were awarded for such claims.
- Quite a few people provided invalid Keybase handles, making it impossible to contact them should we wish to discuss the program or their submission.
- It was common to see people claim to have run a node or validator with no evidence (such as a node name), meaning we could not award any points.
- Many members submitted duplicate reports, wasting the time of reviewers.
- Reports must be provided in English.
- Some people created "Joystream Official" accounts on multiple social media platforms, which may be misleading (since they are clearly not official).
- It seemed that some people were trying to game the system by making multiple accounts. This is entirely pointless since we will review your referrals and your own activity in detail before you can be admitted as a Founding Member.
- Many claims were unsupported (e.g. "I have a Telegram channel where I shared the project" with no link to the Telegram group)
- You cannot claim you have referred someone, you can only claim you have been referred.
- Some people claimed multiple referrers.
- There were many very similar submissions (e.g. the same blog article translated eight times). This is of no use to the project.
- It is best to provide as much detail as possible about your activity. (e.g. If you uploaded a video, what is it about?)

While there were some issues during the first period, some of which were certainly our responsibility, we were overall very impressed with what we saw and are happy to welcome all of the new community members that joined us during this period. We appreciate your patience as we continue to calibrate and improve our processes associated with the program.

No Founding Members were inducted during this period, though we are hoping that we will be able to invite some new Founding Members over the next few weeks.

#### Highlights

We wanted to give particular credit to some of the most creative and helpful contributions we saw _reported_* during this period, which we've listed below:

- `tomato` for his long-term and extremely valuable work on KPI management, bounty management, community support and much more.
- `cheomsk` for creating the extremely popular unofficial [Russian Telegram group](https://t.me/JoystreamRussian).
- `freakstatic` for his direct support to the Jsgenesis team alongside `tomato` as well as community support and being an extremely valuable Council Member.
- `lopegor` for his community support work in the Discord server, as well as making informational videos about the project in Russian.
- `sasha` for creating a Telegram faucet bot.
- `seainvestor` for creating tutorial videos in Russian and supporting other participants.
- `boris143` for designing some [original Telegram stickers](https://t.me/addstickers/SS_by).
- `vulxx` for also creating some really [high-quality stickers](https://t.me/addstickers/FunJoystream).
- `botzmann` for "[cooking with Joystream](https://twitter.com/pHwmOFPjjFEBviY/status/1362834045223190531)"
- `gibson` for some impressive [Telegram stickers](https://t.me/addstickers/joystreamzeus).
- `pinkpinkmole` for some more amazing [Telegram stickers](https://t.me/addstickers/joyjoysticker).

In reality, there were really so many creative and helpful contributions during this round that it's impossible to list them all.
We are excited that so many people are keen to help us build the Joystream project (even during this first round) and are excited to see how our nascent community evolves!

*_Some great contributions that weren't formally reported won't be shown here but might be added in later once the associated reports are submitted._
