## `Scoring Period 2`
### _01/03/21 - 14/03/21_
<br>

_Note: [Scoring Period #0](/scoring-periods/0.md) was also created in order to recognize existing contributors to the project._
<br><br>
#### Announcement
We are very pleased to announce the commencement of the second "official" Scoring Period for our Founding Member Program!

With ~6h left of [Scoring Period #1](/scoring-periods/1.md), we have gotten close to 400 reports already, which we are extremely pleased to see! Due to the overwhelming volume of submissions, we will start grading early, but the results will not be announced before the 4th of March.

Despite what we consider a great success, there have certainly been some misunderstandings along the way. This is certainly in part due to unclear and missing documentation from our side, which we have not been able to improve and communicate in time, so we apologise for that. 

We would therefore like to take this opportunity to clarify some key points:
1. There is no need to submit your summary before the end of a Scoring Period!
  - It appears lots of people believe that it's a "race", and that you have to submit early and often.
  - A summary should be the report of all your activities during the entire Scoring Period. In other words, unless you _know_ you will not make any further contributions, wait until the Scoring Period has ended.
  - There is a short "grace period" of about 4-5 days after the Scoring Period has ended where you can submit your summary, so as long as you don't wait too long too write your report, you should be fine!
  - Starting from this Scoring Period (ie. 3), we will reserve the right to only grade one summary per person per Scoring Period.
    - As the rules on this were not initially clear, we will of course not penalize anyone for having done this for periods 1 or 2.
2. The program is not ending anytime soon!
  - From interactions with the community, we have seen some people be of the impression that there is a great rush to accumulate points.
  - In fact, we plan to keep the project running until we are close to mainnet launch which is least 9 months away.
  - If these plans change, we will notify the community in advance.
3. We _do_ have a referral program!
  - This has now been highlighted [here](/README.md#referral-program)
  - Refer your friends, and start earning points when they submit their summaries!
4. We have now updated our internal point guidance so that just running a node will give (almost) as many leaderboard points as running a Validator!
  - Due to competitiveness for the Validator spots making it hard for new users to get a spot, we felt that it was very important to allow new users (without a substantial tJOY balance) to earn points simply for running nodes, as this requires almost the same level of effort as running a Validator.
  - In order for us to verify, you need to "report" to our new [Joystream Telemetry](https://telemetry.joystream.org/).
  - More information, and full instructions/requirements, can be found [here](/CONTRIBUTIONS.md#network-integrity)


#### Processing Note

It was really great to see more than 300 scoring summaries submitted for Round 2. The quality of most the reports has also increased substantially since [Scoring Period #1](/scoring-periods/1.md), which made it much easier for our reviewers to fairly evaluate your contributions.

There are a few issues which still need to be tackled which we've listed below:
- Some participants still need to make sure they are dealing with the concerns we mentioned in the [processing note for Period 1](/scoring-periods/1.md).
- There were quite a few mistakes made with dates, making it difficult to track your activity. Please make it clear what you have done for each period and the dates on which the activity took place.
- You don't need to add the information about the last period to your report unless you have not already submitted it (i.e. summaries for Round #2 shouldn't include your summary from Round #1).
- If you have already declared your referrer in a previous round, you don't need to declare this in subsequent submissions.
- Only one referrer is allowed, so please choose the person that you feel is most responsible for introducing you to the project. Claiming two referrers will unfortunately mean that neither is counted.



#### Highlights

We wanted to give particular credit to some of the most creative and helpful contributions we saw _reported_* during this period, which we've listed below:

- `tomato` for his long-term and extremely valuable work on KPI management, bounty management, community support and much more.
- `freakstatic` for his direct support to the Jsgenesis team alongside `tomato` as well as community support and being an extremely valuable Council Member.
- `lopegor` for his community support work in the Discord server, in both Russian and English.
- `cheomsk` for his diligent management of the unofficial [Russian Telegram group](https://t.me/JoystreamRussian).
- `gryhail` for work conducted on the video uploading bounty and baking some [creative Joystream cookies](https://twitter.com/kuritsapomada94/status/1366306660789149696) (_yummy!_).
- `joystreamenthusiast` for their cool [promotional video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TU8qjs_vglM) for the project.
- `sasha` for some updates to the Telegram faucet bot he developed.
- `botzmann` for doing [some paintings](https://twitter.com/pHwmOFPjjFEBviY/status/1370107510686879758) of our Joystream branding and logo.

*_Some great contributions that weren't formally reported won't be shown here but might be added in later once the associated reports are submitted._
