## `Scoring Period 20`
### _08/11/21 - 22/11/21_
<br>

### Announcement
###### [(feedback is now published below)](#processing-note)

_Scoring Period #20 is now live!_

There's nothing particularly notable about this latest round, though we would like to remind all participants to consider our feedback from the previous rounds when deciding how to contribute and how to properly report their activities. Also, please note that node operation and participation in the Validator role will no longer qualify for points under the Founding Member program, as established in the previous round.

Particularly important is to always ensure that you provide accurate dates for your participation and make it very clear for which periods you are claiming the activity. Including incorrect dates or other information or evidence may result in your submission being disqualified. We have also noticed that quite a few templates are being used to report activity. This is of course fine in order to help you present your data in a clearly structured way, but please always consider whether the template is an effective one.

We would also like to remind participants in the scheme that the Founding Member program is aimed at finding high-quality contributors who will help run the platform on mainnet. We are looking for high-quality contributions over an extended period of time in order for you to qualify as a member of this initiative.

Some participants currently seem to be focussed on quite low impact activities, such as making social media posts or memes and then not engaging with the testnet any further. While we of course appreciate all contributions, these types of disengaged contribution do not really add any value to the project or the community, and consequently are not sufficient for those hoping to become Founding Members. You can look to the outstanding contributions of some of the already inducted Founding Members to understand the kinds of participation we are most impressed by.

Also, it has come to our attention that not everyone is aware that testnet role activity (including Council membership) and bounty participation qualify as reportable activity under the rules of the program. In fact, we would like to make it clear that enthusiastic testnet participation is one of the best ways to earn points, since by learning to run the platform on the testnet, participants are building up the skills required to run the platform on mainnet. To reiterate, _the Founding Member Program's sole objective is to identify and cultivate high-quality platform participants for the Joystream mainnet!_


<br><br>

### Processing Note

_We were pleased with the quantity of submissions recieved this round and the quality was generally good. However, we would encourage those who are making lower impact contributions to get more engaged with the project in order to receive Founding Member status._

_We also wanted to remind participants to always provide evidence and as much detail as possible about the activities undertaken during a round. We are keen to be as generous as possible with engaged participants, but in order for this to be possible, you must make it very clear to us how your contributions have added value to the project._

#### Highlights

Some of the highest scoring participants in this round (at the time of initial grading*) are listed in the table below:

| Member Handle | Member ID | Points Awarded | Justification                                                                                                                  | Relevant Links or Examples                                                                                           |
|---------------|-----------|----------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| andybut       | 1316      | 3250           | Excellent work engaging with Russian community, primarily through Telegram group, but also in Discord.                         | [1](https://combot.org/c/1348497097)                                                                                 |
| ilich         | 2194      | 2250           | Was Deputy Council Secretary last period, continued some of the associated work and was generally an effective Council Member. | [1](https://github.com/Joystream/community-repo/pull/434), [2](https://pioneer.joystreamstats.live/#/proposals/790)  |
| 0x2bc         | 2098      | 1500           | Continued effective work as Storage Provider Lead.                                                                             | `n/a`                                                                                                                |
| ururu         | 790       | 1300           | Redesign work on JoystreamStats.                                                                                               | [1](https://dev.joystreamstats.live/)                                                                                |
| marat_mu      | 2154      | 1285           | Council Member, and continued educational video series.                                                                        | [1](https://play.joystream.org/video/7730)                                                                           |
| lkskrn        | 644       | 1000           | Improvements to Pioneer as part of KPI.                                                                                        | [1](https://github.com/Joystream/pioneer/pull/1789), [2](https://github.com/Joystream/pioneer/pull/1777)             |

*_Reports received more than five days after the period ended are not included within this leaderboard._
