scoring-periods/3.md, before:

## `Scoring Period 3`
### _15/03/21 - 28/03/21_
<br>


#### Announcement

Due to the overwhelming number of submissions received for [Scoring Period #1](/scoring-periods/1.md), it ended up being significantly more time consuming than we had previously anticipated to grade, causing some delays and issues on our end.

Needless to say, we plan to start grading the submissions for [Scoring Period #2](/scoring-periods/2.md) over the next week, and we hope we will be able to publish the results for this round much earlier (relatively speaking) now that we have learned some important lessons from the first round.

Again, here are some pointers to submitting based on what we learned during grading of Scoring Periods 0 and 1!

1. There is no need to submit your summary before the end of a Scoring Period!
  - It appears lots of people believe that it's a "race", and that you have to submit early and often.
  - A summary should be the report of all your activities during the entire Scoring Period. In other words, unless you _know_ you will not make any further contributions, wait until the Scoring Period has ended.
  - There is a short "grace period" of about 4-5 days after the Scoring Period has ended where you can submit your summary, so as long as you don't wait too long too write your report, you should be fine!
  - We reserve the right to only grade one summary per person per Scoring Period.
    - As the rules on this were not initially clear, we will of course not penalize anyone for having done this for periods 0, 1 or 2.
2. The program is not ending anytime soon!
  - From interactions with the community, we have seen some people be of the impression that there is a great rush to accumulate points.
  - In fact, we plan to keep the project running until we are close to mainnet launch which is least 9 months away.
  - If these plans change, we will notify the community in advance.
3. We _do_ have a referral program!
  - This has now been highlighted [here](/README.md#referral-program)
  - Refer your friends, and start earning points when they submit their summaries!
4. We have now updated our internal point guidance so that just running a node will give (almost) as many leaderboard points as running a Validator!
  - Due to competitiveness for the Validator spots making it hard for new users to get a spot, we felt that it was very important to allow new users (without a substantial tJOY balance) to earn points simply for running nodes, as this requires almost the same level of effort as running a Validator.
  - In order for us to verify, you need to "report" to our new [Joystream Telemetry](https://telemetry.joystream.org/).
  - More information, and full instructions/requirements, can be found [here](/CONTRIBUTIONS.md#network-integrity)


#### Processing Note

_Once we have processed all of the summaries submitted in this period and inducted any new founding members etc., a processing note will be added here with comments and some suggestions for the next scoring period._

_For submitted summaries that are lacking, incomplete or has some errors, we will contact you on keybase to resolve the issue(s)._

_Check the [Founding Member page](https://www.joystream.org/founding-members) on our website, where we will update grading of all rounds this week!_

Commit message:

Updates for Periods 3 & 4 and induction of Founding Members

scoring-periods/3.md, after:

## `Scoring Period 3`
### _15/03/21 - 28/03/21_
<br>


#### Announcement

Due to the overwhelming number of submissions received for [Scoring Period #1](/scoring-periods/1.md), it ended up being significantly more time consuming than we had previously anticipated to grade, causing some delays and issues on our end.

Needless to say, we plan to start grading the submissions for [Scoring Period #2](/scoring-periods/2.md) over the next week, and we hope we will be able to publish the results for this round much earlier (relatively speaking) now that we have learned some important lessons from the first round.

Again, here are some pointers to submitting based on what we learned during grading of Scoring Periods 0 and 1!

1. There is no need to submit your summary before the end of a Scoring Period!
  - It appears lots of people believe that it's a "race", and that you have to submit early and often.
  - A summary should be the report of all your activities during the entire Scoring Period. In other words, unless you _know_ you will not make any further contributions, wait until the Scoring Period has ended.
  - There is a short "grace period" of about 4-5 days after the Scoring Period has ended where you can submit your summary, so as long as you don't wait too long too write your report, you should be fine!
  - We reserve the right to only grade one summary per person per Scoring Period.
    - As the rules on this were not initially clear, we will of course not penalize anyone for having done this for periods 0, 1 or 2.
2. The program is not ending anytime soon!
  - From interactions with the community, we have seen some people be of the impression that there is a great rush to accumulate points.
  - In fact, we plan to keep the project running until we are close to mainnet launch which is least 9 months away.
  - If these plans change, we will notify the community in advance.
3. We _do_ have a referral program!
  - This has now been highlighted [here](/README.md#referral-program)
  - Refer your friends, and start earning points when they submit their summaries!
4. We have now updated our internal point guidance so that just running a node will give (almost) as many leaderboard points as running a Validator!
  - Due to competitiveness for the Validator spots making it hard for new users to get a spot, we felt that it was very important to allow new users (without a substantial tJOY balance) to earn points simply for running nodes, as this requires almost the same level of effort as running a Validator.
  - In order for us to verify, you need to "report" to our new [Joystream Telemetry](https://telemetry.joystream.org/).
  - More information, and full instructions/requirements, can be found [here](/CONTRIBUTIONS.md#network-integrity)


#### Processing Note

On account of the chain split bug which cropped up during the middle of this round, most participants were only able to participate effectively for the first half of the Scoring Period. Nonetheless, we were still pleased with the volume and quality of scoring summaries we received.

Unfortunately, there are still some issues which are still causing some problems for some participants. As a result, we would like to invite participants to read our comments for [Round #1](/scoring-periods/1.md) and [Round #2](/scoring-periods/2.md) to get a sense of some of the errors which are still appearing in summaries.

During this round, the biggest obstacle to effective processing of your submissions was
incorrect or unclear dates being provided for participation, making it difficult to know which scoring period the activities were being claimed for.

#### Highlights

We wanted to give particular credit to some of the most creative and helpful contributions we saw _reported_* during this period, which we've listed below:

- `tomato` for his extremely valuable work on KPI management, bounty management, community support, council participation and much more.
- `freakstatic` for his support to the Jsgenesis team alongside `tomato` as well as community support and council activity.
- `l1dev` for his work building tools to help participants better understand what is happening on the testnet.
- `lopegor` for his community support work in the Discord server and Russian Telegram group as well as publication of video tutorials and guides in Russian.
- `cheomsk` for his diligent management of the unofficial [Russian Telegram group](https://t.me/JoystreamRussian).
- `andybut` for his support in the _`#russian`_ Discord channel and on Telegram.


*_Some great contributions that weren't formally reported won't be shown here but might be added in later once the associated reports are submitted._
