## `Scoring Period 4`
### _29/03/21 - 11/04/21_
<br>


#### Announcement


<!---
Due to the overwhelming number of submissions received for [Scoring Period #1](/scoring-periods/1.md), it ended up being significantly more time consuming than we had previously anticipated to grade, causing some delays and issues on our end.

Needless to say, we plan to start grading the submissions for [Scoring Period #2](/scoring-periods/2.md) over the next week, and we hope we will be able to publish the results for this round much earlier (relatively speaking) now that we have learned some important lessons from the first round.

Again, here are some pointers to submitting based on what we learned during grading of Scoring Periods 0 and 1!

1. There is no need to submit your summary before the end of a Scoring Period!
  - It appears lots of people believe that it's a "race", and that you have to submit early and often.
  - A summary should be the report of all your activities during the entire Scoring Period. In other words, unless you _know_ you will not make any further contributions, wait until the Scoring Period has ended.
  - There is a short "grace period" of about 4-5 days after the Scoring Period has ended where you can submit your summary, so as long as you don't wait too long too write your report, you should be fine!
  - Starting from this Scoring Period (ie. 3), we will reserve the right to only grade one summary per person per Scoring Period.
    - As the rules on this were not initially clear, we will of course not penalize anyone for having done this for periods 1 or 2
2. The program is not ending anytime soon!
  - From interactions with the community, we have seen some people be of the impression that there is a great rush to accumulate points.
  - In fact, we plan to keep the project running until we are close to mainnet launch which is least 9 months away.
  - If these plans change, we will notify the community in advance.
3. We _do_ have a referral program!
  - This has now been highlighted [here](/README.md#referral-program)
  - Refer your friends, and start earning points when they submit their summaries!
4. We have now updated our internal point guidance so that just running a node will give (almost) as many leaderboard points as running a Validator!
  - Due to competitiveness for the Validator spots making it hard for new users to get a spot, we felt that it was very important to allow new users (without a substantial tJOY balance) to earn points simply for running nodes, as this requires almost the same level of effort as running a Validator.
  - In order for us to verify, you need to "report" to our new [Joystream Telemetry](https://telemetry.joystream.org/).
  - More information, and full instructions/requirements, can be found [here](/CONTRIBUTIONS.md#network-integrity)


#### Processing Note

_Once we have processed all of the summaries submitted in this period and inducted any new founding members etc., a processing note will be added here with comments and some suggestions for the next scoring period._

_For submitted summaries that are lacking, incomplete or has some errors, we will contact you on keybase to resolve the issue(s)._

_Check the [Founding Member page](https://www.joystream.org/founding-members) on our website, where we will update grading of all rounds this week!_
