scoring-periods/4.md, before:

## `Scoring Period 4`
### _29/03/21 - 11/04/21_
<br>


#### Announcement

On account of the chain split bug on the Babylon testnet, it has been impossible to submit reports for Scoring Period #3, so we would ask for your patience as we work to launch the new and patched Antioch network.

Meanwhile, we are happy to announce that Scoring Period #4 will last from `29/03/21` to `11/04/21`. 

Due to the network failure we are not expecting any substantial contribution activity at the beggining of the round, though once Antioch is launched, you can submit summaries for Scoring Period #3 and earn points for your participation on this new network.

To make sure your summaries are of the best quality, we recommend browsing through our feedback and comments on the previously graded rounds:
- [`Scoring Period #1`](/scoring-periods/1.md)
- [`Scoring Period #2`](/scoring-periods/2.md)


#### Processing Note

_Once we have processed all of the summaries submitted in this period and inducted any new founding members etc., a processing note will be added here with comments and some suggestions for the next scoring period._

_For submitted summaries that are lacking, incomplete or has some errors, we will contact you on keybase to resolve the issue(s)._

Commit message:

Updates for Periods 3 & 4 and induction of Founding Members

scoring-periods/4.md, after:

## `Scoring Period 4`
### _29/03/21 - 11/04/21_
<br>


#### Announcement

On account of the chain split bug on the Babylon testnet, it has been impossible to submit reports for Scoring Period #3, so we would ask for your patience as we work to launch the new and patched Antioch network.

Meanwhile, we are happy to announce that Scoring Period #4 will last from `29/03/21` to `11/04/21`.

Due to the network failure we are not expecting any substantial contribution activity at the beggining of the round, though once Antioch is launched, you can submit summaries for Scoring Period #3 and earn points for your participation on this new network.

To make sure your summaries are of the best quality, we recommend browsing through our feedback and comments on the previously graded rounds:
- [`Scoring Period #1`](/scoring-periods/1.md)
- [`Scoring Period #2`](/scoring-periods/2.md)
- [`Scoring Period #3`](/scoring-periods/3.md)


#### Processing Note

_On account of the network being down until halfway through this round, most participants were only able to participate effectively for the second half of the Scoring Period. Nonetheless, we were still pleased with the volume and quality of scoring summaries we received and the enthusiasm of participants in getting nodes back up and running and participating on the new Antioch network._

_Unfortunately, there are still some issues which are still causing some problems for some participants. As a result, we would like to invite participants to read our comments for [Round #1](/scoring-periods/1.md), [Round #2](/scoring-periods/2.md) and [Round #3](/scoring-periods/3.md) to get a sense of some of the errors which are still appearing in summaries._

#### Highlights

We wanted to give particular credit to some of the most creative and helpful contributions we saw _reported_* during this period, which we've listed below:

- `tomato` for his extremely valuable work on KPI management, bounty management, community support, council participation and much more.
- `freakstatic` for his support to the Jsgenesis team alongside `tomato` as well as community support and council activity.
- `l1dev` for his work building tools to help participants better understand what is happening on the testnet.
- `lopegor` for his community support work in the Discord server and Russian Telegram group as well as publication of video tutorials and guides in Russian.
- `cheomsk` for his diligent management of the unofficial [Russian Telegram group](https://t.me/JoystreamRussian).
- `andybut` for his support in the _`#russian`_ Discord channel and on Telegram.


*_Some great contributions that weren't formally reported won't be shown here but might be added in later once the associated reports are submitted._
