## `Scoring Period 5`
### _12/04/21 - 25/04/21_
<br>

#### Announcement

After some significant distruption to [Scoring Period #3](/scoring-periods/3.md) and [Scoring Period #4](/scoring-periods/4.md) on account of the network upgrade from Babylon to Antioch, we are now ready to process your summaries for Period #3 as quickly as possible. After a short grace period to allow people to submit for Period #4, we will also start processing submissions from this round. We appreciate your patience and understanding while the testnet has been offline.

We don't expect to see any significant activity during the end of Period #3 and the start of Period #4, since many qualifying contributions (including bounties and testnet roles) rely on an active testnet in order to be completed.

Now that we have launched Scoring Period #5, lasting from `12/04/21` to `25/04/21`, there should be some great opportunities to earn points, either through creative endeavours, helping us run the testnet by participating in a role, providing support to the community, completing bounties, making tutorials, bug hunting and more...

As always, to make sure your summaries are of the best quality, we recommend browsing through our feedback and comments on the previously graded rounds:
- [`Scoring Period #1`](/scoring-periods/1.md)
- [`Scoring Period #2`](/scoring-periods/2.md)


#### Processing Note

_We were pleased with the quantity of submissions recieved this round and the quality was generally very good. However, we would encourage those who are just running nodes or making other minor contributions to get more engaged with the project in order to receive Founding Member status._

_We also wanted to remind participants to always provide evidence and as much detail as possible about the activities undertaken during a round. We are keen to be as generous as possible with engaged participants, but in order for this to be possible, you must make it very clear to us how your contributions have added value to the project._

#### Highlights

We wanted to give particular credit to some of the most creative and helpful contributions we saw _reported_* during this period, which we've listed below:

- `andybut` for his support in the _`#russian`_ Discord channel and on Telegram.
- `joystreamenthusiast` for creating a [new animated video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZtchRVYrHoU) about the project.
- `tomato` for his extremely valuable work on KPI management, bounty management, community support, council participation and much more.
- `freakstatic` for his support to the Jsgenesis team alongside `tomato` as well as community support and council activity.
- `lopegor` for his community support work in the Discord server and Russian Telegram group as well as publication of video tutorials and guides in Russian.
- `cheomsk` for his diligent management of the unofficial [Russian Telegram group](https://t.me/JoystreamRussian).
- `drmarkovi` for designining a rather impressive banner for the community repo.


*_Some great contributions that weren't formally reported won't be shown here but might be added in later once the associated reports are submitted._
