## `Scoring Period 6`
### _26/04/21 - 09/05/21_
<br>

#### Announcement

_Scoring Period #6 is now live!_

We will start grading summaries for Period #5 after 29th April and will publish the scores well in advance of the next scoring period (Period #7).

There's nothing particularly notable about this round, though we would like to remind all participants to consider our feedback from the previous rounds when deciding how to contribute and how to properly report their activities.

Particularly important is to ensure that you provide accurate dates for your activities and make it clear for which periods you are claiming the activity.

We would also like to remind participants in the scheme that the Founding Member program is aimed at finding high-quality contributors who will help run the platform on mainnet. We are looking for high-quality contributions over an extended period of time in order for you to qualify as a member of this initiative.

Some participants currently seem to be focussed on quite low impact activities, such as making generic tweets, uploading low-quality videos or setting up a node and then not engaging with the testnet any further. While we of course appreciate all contributions, these types of low-effort contribution do not really make the project any more valuable, and consequently are not sufficient for those hoping to become Founding Members. You can look to the contributions of some of the already inducted Founding Members to understand the kinds of participation we are most impressed by.


#### Processing Note

_We were pleased with the quantity of submissions recieved this round and the quality was generally very good. However, we would encourage those who are just running nodes or making other minor contributions to get more engaged with the project in order to receive Founding Member status._

_We also wanted to remind participants to always provide evidence and as much detail as possible about the activities undertaken during a round. We are keen to be as generous as possible with engaged participants, but in order for this to be possible, you must make it very clear to us how your contributions have added value to the project._

#### Highlights

We wanted to give particular credit to some of the most creative and helpful contributions we saw _reported_* during this period, which we've listed below:

- `andybut` for his support in the _`#russian`_ Discord channel and on Telegram, as well as documentation improvements.
- `surpaul` for his in-depth research as part of the [Ledger on Joystream Bounty](https://testnet.joystream.org/#/forum/threads/215).
- `tomato` for his extremely valuable work on KPI management, bounty management, community support, council participation and much more.
- `freakstatic` for his support to the Jsgenesis team alongside `tomato` as well as community support and council activity.
- `cheomsk` for his continued management of the unofficial [Russian Telegram group](https://t.me/JoystreamRussian).
- `igrex` for his work as Content Curator Lead.


*_Some great contributions that weren't formally reported won't be shown here but might be added in later once the associated reports are submitted._
