scoring-periods/7.md, before:

## `Scoring Period 7`
### _10/05/21 - 24/05/21_
<br>

#### Announcement

_Scoring Period #7 is now live!_

We will start grading the summaries for Period #6 after 14th May and will publish the scores well in advance of the next scoring period (Period #8).

There's nothing particularly notable about this latest round, though we would like to remind all participants to consider our feedback from the previous rounds when deciding how to contribute and how to properly report their activities.

Particularly important is to ensure that you provide accurate dates for your participation and make it very clear for which periods you are claiming the activity. Including incorrect dates or other information or evidence may result in your sumbission being disqualified. We have also noticed that quite a few templates are being used to report activity. This is of course fine in order to help you present your data in a clearly structured way, but please always consider whether the template is an effective one.

We would also like to remind participants in the scheme that the Founding Member program is aimed at finding high-quality contributors who will help run the platform on mainnet. We are looking for high-quality contributions over an extended period of time in order for you to qualify as a member of this initiative.

Some participants currently seem to be focussed on quite low impact activities, such as setting up a node and then not engaging with the testnet any further. While we of course appreciate all contributions, these types of disengaged contribution do not really make the project any more valuable, and consequently are not sufficient for those hoping to become Founding Members. You can look to the contributions of some of the already inducted Founding Members to understand the kinds of participation we are most impressed by.

Also, it has come to our attention that not everyone is aware that testnet role activity (including Council membership) and bounty participation qualify as reportable activity under the rules of the program. In fact, we would like to make it clear that enthusiastic testnet participation is one of the best ways to earn points, since by learning to run the platform on the testnet, participants are building up the skills required to run the platform on mainnet. To reiterate, _the Founding Member Program's sole objective is to identify and cultivate high-quality platform participants for the Joystream mainnet!_


#### Processing Note

Once we have processed all of the summaries submitted in this period and inducted any new founding members etc., a processing note will be added here with comments and some suggestions for the next scoring period.

For submitted summaries that are lacking, incomplete or contain errors, we may contact you on Keybase to resolve the issue(s).

Commit message:

Added comments and highlights for Period 7

scoring-periods/7.md, after:

## `Scoring Period 7`
### _10/05/21 - 24/05/21_
<br>

#### Announcement

_Scoring Period #7 is now live!_

We will start grading the summaries for Period #6 after 14th May and will publish the scores well in advance of the next scoring period (Period #8).

There's nothing particularly notable about this latest round, though we would like to remind all participants to consider our feedback from the previous rounds when deciding how to contribute and how to properly report their activities.

Particularly important is to ensure that you provide accurate dates for your participation and make it very clear for which periods you are claiming the activity. Including incorrect dates or other information or evidence may result in your sumbission being disqualified. We have also noticed that quite a few templates are being used to report activity. This is of course fine in order to help you present your data in a clearly structured way, but please always consider whether the template is an effective one.

We would also like to remind participants in the scheme that the Founding Member program is aimed at finding high-quality contributors who will help run the platform on mainnet. We are looking for high-quality contributions over an extended period of time in order for you to qualify as a member of this initiative.

Some participants currently seem to be focussed on quite low impact activities, such as setting up a node and then not engaging with the testnet any further. While we of course appreciate all contributions, these types of disengaged contribution do not really make the project any more valuable, and consequently are not sufficient for those hoping to become Founding Members. You can look to the contributions of some of the already inducted Founding Members to understand the kinds of participation we are most impressed by.

Also, it has come to our attention that not everyone is aware that testnet role activity (including Council membership) and bounty participation qualify as reportable activity under the rules of the program. In fact, we would like to make it clear that enthusiastic testnet participation is one of the best ways to earn points, since by learning to run the platform on the testnet, participants are building up the skills required to run the platform on mainnet. To reiterate, _the Founding Member Program's sole objective is to identify and cultivate high-quality platform participants for the Joystream mainnet!_


#### Processing Note

_We were pleased with the quantity of submissions recieved this round and the quality was generally very good. However, we would encourage those who are just running nodes or making other minor contributions to get more engaged with the project in order to receive Founding Member status._

_We also wanted to remind participants to always provide evidence and as much detail as possible about the activities undertaken during a round. We are keen to be as generous as possible with engaged participants, but in order for this to be possible, you must make it very clear to us how your contributions have added value to the project._

#### Highlights

We wanted to give some extra credit to some of the most creative and helpful contributions we saw _reported_* during this period, which we've listed below:

- `andybut` for his support in the _`#russian`_ Discord channel and on Telegram.
- `tomato` for his extremely valuable work on KPI management, bounty management, community support, council participation and much more.
- `freakstatic` for his support to the Jsgenesis team alongside `tomato` as well as community support and council activity.
- `cheomsk` for his administration of the unofficial [Russian Telegram group](https://t.me/JoystreamRussian).
- `xandrell` for his community support work.
- `igrex` for his work as `Content Curator Lead`
- `maxlevush` for sharing his video blog with the platform and making informational videos about Joystream.


*_Some great contributions that weren't formally reported won't be shown here but might be added in later once the associated reports are submitted._
