inducted/README.md, before:

# Inducted Founding Members


|Member Handle        |Member Id|Round/Date  |Avatar                                                |Av.Id  |FM ID|
|---------------------|:-------:|:-----------|:----------------------------------------------------:|:--:|:---:|
|`@tomato`            | 2       |IMF/12.02.21|<img width="40" src="/avatars/primary-avatar/31.png"> |31  | 1   |
|`@nexusfallout`      | 4       |IMF/12.02.21|<img width="40" src="/avatars/primary-avatar/6.png">  |6   | 2   |
|`@enjoythefood`      | 5       |IMF/12.02.21|<img width="40" src="/avatars/primary-avatar/19.png"> |19  | 3   |
|`@freakstatic`       | 306     |IMF/12.02.21|<img width="40" src="/avatars/primary-avatar/3.png">  |3   | 5   |
|`@l1dev`             | 515     |IMF/12.02.21|<img width="40" src="/avatars/primary-avatar/8.png">  |8   | 6   |
<!---|`-`                  | -       |IMF/12.02.21|<img width="40" src="avatars/primary-avatar/-.png>   | 4    |--->

## Initial Founding Members
Although all existing community members have an opportunity to claim points for their contributions before this program was launched, we decided that for some of our most active frequent flyers, it was neither practical nor fair to have them wade through github, telegram and emails to list all of their contributions to Joystream.

Instead, they were included as Initial Founding Members. This doesn't give them an extra "privileges" or a numeric score, but they were all awarded an amount of tokens. Some have been more in the spotlight than others, through activities on telegram and the forum, but these have instead contributed more behind the scenes with things like bounties, testing and debugging, and building infrastructure.

### Avatars
<img width="200" src="/avatars/selected-avatars/31-tomato.png"><img width="200" src="/avatars/selected-avatars/6-nexusfallout.png"><img width="200" src="/avatars/selected-avatars/19-enjoythefood.png"><img width="200" src="/avatars/selected-avatars/3-freakstatic.png"><img width="200" src="/avatars/selected-avatars/8-l1dev.png">

Commit message:

Apply suggestions from code review
include review suggestions

Co-authored-by: Ben Holden-Crowther <4144334+blrhc@users.noreply.github.com>

inducted/README.md, after:

# Inducted Founding Members


|Member Handle        |Member Id|Round/Date  |Avatar                                                |Av.Id  |FM ID|
|---------------------|:-------:|:-----------|:----------------------------------------------------:|:--:|:---:|
|`@tomato`            | 2       |IMF/12.02.21|<img width="40" src="/avatars/primary-avatar/31.png"> |31  | 1   |
|`@nexusfallout`      | 4       |IMF/12.02.21|<img width="40" src="/avatars/primary-avatar/6.png">  |6   | 2   |
|`@enjoythefood`      | 5       |IMF/12.02.21|<img width="40" src="/avatars/primary-avatar/19.png"> |19  | 3   |
|`@freakstatic`       | 306     |IMF/12.02.21|<img width="40" src="/avatars/primary-avatar/3.png">  |3   | 5   |
|`@l1dev`             | 515     |IMF/12.02.21|<img width="40" src="/avatars/primary-avatar/8.png">  |8   | 6   |
<!---|`-`                  | -       |IMF/12.02.21|<img width="40" src="avatars/primary-avatar/-.png>   | 4    |--->

## Initial Founding Members
Although all existing community members have an opportunity to claim points for their contributions from before this program was launched, we agreed that for some of our most active and engaged participants, it was neither practical nor fair to have them wade through GitHub, Telegram and emails to list all of their innumerable contributions to the project.

Instead, they were automatically inducted as `Initial Founding Members`. This doesn't give them any extra status or leaderboard points, but they have been awarded some additional tokens as part of a pool separate from the rest of the program. Some have been more in the spotlight than others, through activities on Telegram and the forum, while others have instead decided to make contributions behind the scenes with things like bounties, testing and debugging, and building infrastructure.

### Avatars
<img width="200" src="/avatars/selected-avatars/31-tomato.png"><img width="200" src="/avatars/selected-avatars/6-nexusfallout.png"><img width="200" src="/avatars/selected-avatars/19-enjoythefood.png"><img width="200" src="/avatars/selected-avatars/3-freakstatic.png"><img width="200" src="/avatars/selected-avatars/8-l1dev.png">
